[capi-network-ua][ACR-1616] Update guides (#1713)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/location-sensors/overview.md

- [Device Sensors](device-sensors.md)

  You can read and manage data from various sensors on the device. You can access information from various environmental sensors, such as the light and magnetic sensors, and from user-related sensors, such as the heart rate monitor.
  
- [User Awareness](user-awareness.md)  

>   The user awareness API provides functions to detect user presence and location based on multiple sensors (light, motion, wifi, etc). You can test the user awareness functionality only on a target device. The emulator does not support this feature.

Reviewer: Could you please specify which **emulator** is being addressed here?
```suggestion
  The User Awareness API provides functions to detect user presence and location based on multiple sensors (such as, light, motion, Wi-Fi, etc.). You can test the User Awareness API functionality only on a target device. The emulator does not support this feature.
```
